feat(core): add global namespace to input element (#1758)
siemens/ix: BREAKING_CHANGES/v3.md

```

```html

> <ix-icon name="star"></ix-icon> <ix-icon name="star-filled"></ix-icon>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ix-icon name="star"></ix-icon>
<ix-icon name="star-filled"></ix-icon>
```

```

### Usage of icons in pure HTML

````html
<ix-icon name="star"></ix-icon>

> ### Custom asset path for icons In order to be able to load custom icons, we need to configure the domain of the asset path. This can either be done via `meta`-tag or with the `setAssetPath`-function. #### with `meta`-tag ```html

Reviewer: Text formatting died :D

Author: Yep :D

### HTML table classes `.table` and `.table-striped` are not based on Bootstrap anymore

> The classes `.table` gets `.ix-table` and `.table-striped` gets `.ix-table-striped` and can still be used in order to style HTML tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IX still offers CSS classes to style HTML tables, but the names have changed:

- The class `.table` is now `.ix-table`.
- The class `.table-striped` is now `.ix-table-striped`.
```

Please note that they are not based on Bootstrap anymore.

> If your tables relay on additional Bootstrap functionality (e.g. hoverable rows), you have to install Bootstrap on your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your tables rely on additional Bootstrap functionality (e.g. hoverable rows), you have to install Bootstrap on your own.
```

> ## Add namespace to standard html elements
> 
> We decided to add `ix-` prefix to our global styles of standard html elements like `input`, `textarea` and `label`.
> 
> This ensures that you can use other css libraries beside ix to prevent class collisions.
> 
> ### `input`, `textarea` and `label`
> 
> To ensure that your styles are not broken after update to v3 you have to provide the class `ix-form-control` to `input`, `textarea` and `label`
> 
> e.g

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Namespacing of standard HTML elements

We decided to add the  prefix `ix-` to our global styles of standard HTML elements like `input`, `textarea` and `label`.

This ensures that you can use other CSS libraries alongside iX to prevent class collisions.

### `input`, `textarea` and `label`

To ensure that your styles are not broken after you update to v3, you have to provide the class `ix-form-control` to `input`, `textarea` and `label` elements.

Example:

Change
```
